{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang9\b\f0\fs48 GIMP\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\fs28 Introduction:\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0 GIMP originally stood for \highlight1 General Image Manipulation Program\highlight0 .GIMP is free open-source graphics editing software and is not inherently unsafe. It is not a virus or malware. You can download GIMP from a variety of online sources. A third party, for example, could insert a virus or malware into the installation package and present it as a safe download.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b History:\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0 GIMP 0.54. GIMP 0.54 was released in January 1996. \par
Its creators, Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis, began developing GIMP as a semester-long project at the University of California, Berkeley in 1995.The name was changed to the GNU Image Manipulation Program in 1997, after Kimball and Mattis had graduated, when it became an official part of the GNU Project.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Installation information:\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0 The safest place to download the GIMP installation program is [GIMP.org](http://www.gimp.org/downloads/), where you will find the correct download for your operating system. If you want GIMP for Windows, the easiest way to install GIMP is to click on the link where it says, "If the torrent download doesn't work, you can also follow this link." This will download an installer that will install the proper version for both 32-bit and 64-bit Windows systems. There is no way to tell if a download from another website is safe, and even reputable websites could be tricked into hosting a download from an untrustworthy source. When you download from GIMP.org you can be sure that you are getting the latest version of the program. Since open-source software programmers update their applications on an unpredictable basis, getting the latest installation program with the latest enhancements and bug fixes can be an important consideration. Remember to activate your virus protection software prior to downloading or running any application program, regardless of the source.\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj Intention behind making that software is open source:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj Free-\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0 GIMP is a free and open source image editor, which means there are no enterprise pricing fees to worry about. You can download it from the official GIMP website.\b\par
      2.  Good-\par
\b0 It's a fair question, given the fact that GIMP is so often heralded by open source enthusiasts. GIMP is a free photo editing software often cited as the best open source image editing software on the planet. Advanced features \endash  GIMP can do more than most hobbyists would ever need, but Photoshop can still do more.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Licening model:\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj GIMP is an acronym for GNU Image Manipulation Program. It is a freely distributed program for such tasks as photo retouching, image composition and image authoring. The terms of usage and rules about copying are clearly listed in the GNU General Public License.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Popularity of software\b0 :\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj Far and away, the GNU Image Manipulation Program (GIMP) was your favorite pick. It's free, it's flexible, and it's cross-platform. It's also very divisive\emdash some of you love it, some of you hate it, but the general consensus is that it's powerful, even if it's a pain to use and its interface is frequently frustrating. It brought in 53% of the overall vote.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Impact of software:\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj GIMP is a free and open-source raster graphics editor used for image retouching and editing, Automation, scripts and plug-ins GIMP has approximately 150 standard effects and filters, including Drop Shadow, Blur, Motion Blur and Noise.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Uses\b0 :\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj GIMP is free open-source graphics editing software and is not inherently unsafe.\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab} It is not a virus or malware.\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab} You can download GIMP from a variety of online sources.\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab} A third party, for example, could insert a virus or malware into the installation package and present it as a safe download.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Advanteges:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0 GIMP is free, and so are all the updates. \par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}It works in a similar way to other commercial image editing programs, and can do most of the same stuff, but at a cost of zero.\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab} Since GIMP is free, you can install it on as many computers as you want. \par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}The basic install is smaller than many of it's commercial counterparts.\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Disadavantages:\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 GIMP can be difficult to learn if you are a beginner. Its user interface may be confusing.\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}GIMP is not part of a workflow suite, whereas photoshop allows documents to be easily transferred into illustrator, indesign, acrobat.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Features:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0 The selection includes noise reduction, cropping, automatic image enhancement tools, color adjustment tools, gradients, customizable brushes, and much more. \par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}GIMP also provides plenty of features for the advanced user including filters, Bezier curves, layer masks, and an animation package.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Conclusion:\par
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0  It is a free and open-source raster graphics editor used for image retouching and editing, free-form drawing, converting between different image formats, and more specialized tasks.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b Referance list:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qj\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.google.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 www.google.com}}}\f0\fs28\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}www.gimp.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 www.gimp.com}}}\b\f0\fs28\par
\b0{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gimp.org/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.gimp.org/downloads/}}}\f0\fs28 )\b\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\par
\par
}
 